Speaker #1: And I learned to get along.
Speaker #1: And so you're back from outer space.
Speaker #1: I just walked in to find you here with that
Speaker #1: sad look upon your face.
Speaker #1: I should have changed that stupid lock.
Speaker #1: I should have made you leave your key.
Speaker #1: If I'd known for just one second, you'd be back
Speaker #1: to bottom me.
Speaker #1: Go on now.
Speaker #1: Go walk out the door, Frank.
Speaker #2: Bring your head in this window before I roll it
Speaker #2: up in there.
Speaker #1: Got it.